News | Latest Breaking News Stories & Headlines | RTÉ skip to main content Menu Weather 7°C Ireland's National Public Service Media Meáin Náisiúnta Seirbhíse Poiblí na hÉireann Menu News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio Weather 7°C Archives Brainstorm Gaeilge History Weather 7°C Menu Weather 7°C Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Go News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio Weather 7°C Archives Brainstorm Gaeilge History Weather 7°C Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Weather 7°C Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Weather Warning News Covid-19 Brexit Ireland World Business Politics Nuacht RTÉ Investigates Programmes RTÉ News - News | Latest Breaking News Stories & Headlines | RTÉ EU concern over tone of Gove's demands on NI Protocol Brexit EU sources have expressed concern over the tone of Michael Gove's letter to his European Commission counterpart on changes the UK is demanding to the Northern Ireland Protocol. Over 70s should get Pfizer, Moderna vaccines - HSE Coronavirus Covid-19: Further 94 deaths and 1,013 cases recorded Coronavirus Woman focuses on 'fight to stay alive' after settlement Courts Ian Wright 'disappointed' Kerry student given probation Courts Switzerland seeks more data on AstraZeneca vaccine Coronavirus Brendan Gleeson, Wolfwalkers are Golden Globe nominees Golden Globe Awards RTÉ proposes pay cuts and redundancies to reduce costs Business Over 10 million people in UK vaccinated against Covid Coronavirus Woman injured in Dublin city assault last month dies Ireland Figures show fall in number of Covid-19 outbreaks Coronavirus More News Regional More Regional Dublin motorists facing fines over clamping under plans Dublin Students in mid-west urged to avoid social gatherings Munster Storytelling 'break in the day' for pandemic isolated Leinster PSNI probe into storm drain access after Donohoe death Ulster Man pleads guilty to dangerous driving causing death Connacht Covid outbreak at Eyre Powell Direct Provision Centre Leinster Man jailed for four years over Cork hit-and-run Courts More Regional NI Protocol Fallout Vaccines, Commission and NI Protocol: What went wrong? Analysis and Comment The rollout of vaccines in the EU, already beset with problems, took an explosive turn when the Commission triggered Article 16 of the Northern Ireland Protocol. NI ports safety issue 'sinister and ugly' - Taoiseach Ulster Some food checks suspended, staff withdrawn at NI ports Ulster DUP aims to undermine Northern Ireland Protocol Brexit Video Woman focusing on 'fight to stay alive' settles smear test case Woman focusing on 'fight to stay alive' settles smear test case Over 70s should get Pfizer, Moderna vaccines - HSE Brendan Gleeson, Wolfwalkers are among Golden Globe nominees Storytelling 'break in the day' for pandemic isolated elderly News Lens More News Lens Irish choir performs at launch of EU cancer plan News Lens What we know about the Sputnik V Covid-19 vaccine News Lens Golden-tongued mummies discovered in Egypt News Lens Eiffel Tower set to get Olympic facelift News Lens What is the Wuhan lab at centre of WHO investigation? News Lens Love of skating keeps Russian granny in the groove News Lens Gardaí bust some moves after Swiss police challenge News Lens Punxsutawney Phil predicts six more weeks of winter News Lens Woman meets newborn daughter after three months in coma News Lens Cricket crisis as traffic noise blocks mating song News Lens Sounds of hope as Colosseum hosts classical concert News Lens Myanmar coup: What we know so far News Lens Weather Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Follow RTÉ © RTÉ 2021. RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Media. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Privacy Irish News · TheJournal.ie Irish News · TheJournal.ie YouTube . About Press Copyright Contact us Creators Advertise Developers Terms Privacy Policy & Safety How YouTube works Test new features © 2021 Google LLC . Godzilla vs. Kong – Official Trailer - YouTube Godzilla vs. Kong – Official Trailer Watch later Share Copy link Info Shopping Tap to unmute If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device. You're signed out Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your computer. Cancel Confirm Up Next Cancel Autoplay is paused Switch camera Share Include playlist An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again later. 0:00 2:24 0:00 / 2:24 Live • About Press Copyright Contact us Creators Advertise Developers Terms Privacy Policy & Safety How YouTube works Test new features © 2021 Google LLC . Godzilla vs. Kong – Official Trailer - YouTube Godzilla vs. Kong – Official Trailer Watch later Share Copy link Info Shopping Tap to unmute If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device. You're signed out Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your computer. Cancel Confirm Up Next Cancel Autoplay is paused Switch camera Share Include playlist An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again later. 0:00 2:24 0:00 / 2:24 Live • About Press Copyright Contact us Creators Advertise Developers Terms Privacy Policy & Safety How YouTube works Test new features © 2021 Google LLC pioneer dj - Google Search Accessibility links Skip to main content Accessibility help Accessibility feedback Sign in Remove Learn more Report inappropriate predictions Search modes All Images Shopping News Videos More Maps Books Flights Finance Settings Search settings Languages Hide explicit results Advanced search Search history Your data in Search Search help Tools Any time Any time Past hour Past 24 hours Past week Past month Past year Custom range... Customised date range From To Go All results All results Verbatim About 86,400,000 results (0.71 seconds) Ads · pioneer dj Why these ads? Denon DJ Prime 4 €1,799.00 Thomann IE Free delivery By BiddingLab Denon DJ Prime 4 €1,799.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. Rane One €1,477.00 Thomann IE Free delivery By BiddingLab Rane One €1,477.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. Denon DJ Prime 4 CTRL Case Bundle €1,855.00 Thomann IE Free delivery By BiddingLab Denon DJ Prime 4 CTRL Case Bundle €1,855.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. Hercules DJ Control Inpulse 500 €255.00 Thomann IE Free delivery By BiddingLab Hercules DJ Control Inpulse 500 €255.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. Roland DJ-505 €535.00 Thomann IE Free delivery By BiddingLab Roland DJ-505 €535.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. Numark Mixtrack Platinum FX €229.00 Thomann IE Free delivery By BiddingLab Numark Mixtrack Platinum FX €229.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. Denon DJ Prime 4 Flight Case Bundle €1,888.00 Thomann IE Free delivery By BiddingLab Denon DJ Prime 4 Flight Case Bundle €1,888.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. Technics SL-1210 MK 7 €1,015.00 Thomann IE Free delivery By BiddingLab Technics SL-1210 MK 7 €1,015.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. Pioneer DJ - DDJ-400 €279.00 Music Store Pro... Free delivery By Google Pioneer DJ - DDJ-400 €279.00 Music Store Professional IR By Google Compare related products from 50+ shops. Native Instruments Traktor S3 €398.00 Thomann IE Free delivery By BiddingLab Native Instruments Traktor S3 €398.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. Native Instruments Traktor S2 MK3 €259.00 Thomann IE Free delivery By BiddingLab Native Instruments Traktor S2 MK3 €259.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. Numark Mixtrack Pro FX €191.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Numark Mixtrack Pro FX €191.00 Thomann IE By BiddingLab Compare related products from one shop. View more from: BiddingLab Google Bigshopper Smarketer smec RedBrain Search Results Web result with site links Pioneer DJ - Global www.pioneerdj.com www.pioneerdj.com Cached Similar Pioneer DJ - Global . Find out more about our DJ equipment and music production tools. DJ controllers Discover Pioneer DJ's full range of DJ controllers. Whether you're a ... Products All products · DJ Player · DJ Mixer · DJ Sampler · DJ Controller ... All-in-one DJ systems DJ Player · DJ Mixer · DJ Sampler · DJ Controller · Turntable · All ... DDJ-FLX6 DDJ-FLX6. 4-channel DJ controller for rekordbox and Serato DJ Pro ... More results from pioneerdj.com » Web results Pioneer DJ Equipment | Gear4music www.gear4music.ie › DJ Equipment › DJ Brands www.gear4music.ie › DJ Equipment › DJ Brands Cached Browse all Pioneer DJ equipment at Gear4music. Find the latest CDJs, mixers, DJ controllers, rekordbox software and more. All shipping with free 2-year ... pioneer dj decks pioneer ddj-400 pioneer dj mixer pioneer ddj-200 pioneer dj ddj-400 dj controller People also search for Pioneer DJ - DJbox, Dublin, Ireland www.djbox.ie › Pioneer DJ www.djbox.ie › Pioneer DJ Cached Pioneer DJ from Irelands leading Pioneer DJ retailer DJbox.ie - CDJ, XDJ, DDJ, HDJ, DJS and more all in stock and ready to order. pioneer dj decks pioneer ddj-400 pioneer dj mixer pioneer ddj-200 pioneer dj ddj-400 pioneer dj software People also search for Pioneer DJ Controllers - DJbox, Dublin, Ireland www.djbox.ie › Pioneer DJ › Pioneer DJ Controllers www.djbox.ie › Pioneer DJ › Pioneer DJ Controllers Cached Pioneer DJ Controllers. Pioneer DJ Controllers. Sort by Alphabetical: A to Z. pioneer ddj-400 pioneer dj decks pioneer ddj-200 pioneer dj mixer pioneer ddj-1000 dj controller People also search for People also ask Why is Pioneer DJ so expensive? And the answer is that one of the main reasons why DJ equipment is so expensive is because Pioneer controls a big chunk of the DJ equipment market. This means that they have significant control over the prices they charge. Why Is DJ Equipment So Expensive? Avoid Spending Too Much ... djprotips.com › why-is-dj-equipment-so-expensive djprotips.com › why-is-dj-equipment-so-expensive Search for: Why is Pioneer DJ so expensive? What are the best DJ decks for beginners? The best beginner DJ controllers available today Pioneer DJ DDJ-200 . The best all-round package if you're itching to start scratching and mixing. ... Native Instruments Traktor Kontrol S2 . ... Numark Mixtrack Platinum FX. ... Numark DJ2GO2. ... Roland DJ-202 . ... Pioneer DJ DDJ-SB3 . ... Hercules DJControl Inpulse 200. ... Numark Party Mix. Sep 21, 2020 The 8 best beginner DJ controllers 2021: affordable hardware for ... www.musicradar.com › news › best-beginner-dj-controllers www.musicradar.com › news › best-beginner-dj-controllers Search for: What are the best DJ decks for beginners? How much is a DDJ 400? Compare with similar items This item Pioneer DJ DJ Controller (DDJ-400) #1 Best Seller Pioneer DJ DJ Controller (DDJ-800) Add to Cart Add to Cart Customer Rating 4.8 out of 5 stars (1430) 4.7 out of 5 stars (164) Price $23579 $799.00$799 .00 Shipping FREE Shipping. Details FREE Shipping. Details 3 more rows Pioneer DJ DJ Controller (DDJ-400): Musical ... - Amazon.com www.amazon.com › Pioneer-DJ-Channel-Controller-re... www.amazon.com › Pioneer-DJ-Channel-Controller-re... Cached Search for: How much is a DDJ 400? What is the best DJ controller 2020? With all that said and done, let's move on to what you came here for; the best DJ controllers of 2020! Pioneer DDJ 1000 – Premium Choice – RekordBox. Pioneer DJ DDJ-SB3 Beginner Choice – Serato. Traktor Kontrol S4 Mk3 Premium Choice – Traktor. Roland DJ-707M Premium Choice – Serato. Numark Party Mix Best Value Beginner. More items... • Nov 13, 2019 What Is The Best DJ Controller? A 2020 Buyers Guide By DJ City ... djcity.com.au › blog › what-is-the-best-dj-controller djcity.com.au › blog › what-is-the-best-dj-controller Search for: What is the best DJ controller 2020? Feedback Twitter results Pioneer DJ (@PioneerDJglobal) · Twitter https://twitter.com/PioneerDJglobal For rekordbox users, we have new tutorials on the latest features – covering how to use Light mode, @Ableton Link, rekordbox for iOS, and Quick Cue & Realtime Memory. Watch all 13 videos here: bit.ly/3sz7pbY Twitter · 2 days ago G Twitter · 2 days ago Our next #PioneerDJArtistMasterclass is with world-renowned technical DJ / Producer @jameszabiela on the #cdj3000 

Join us on Thursday 4th Feb at 10AM PT / 1PM ET / 6PM GMT / 7PM CET / 3am JST next day. Get your free limited spot to attend here - bit.ly/2LqLylU Twitter · 6 days ago View on Twitter Web results Pioneer DJ DJ Controller (DDJ-400): Musical ... - Amazon.com www.amazon.com › Pioneer-DJ-Channel-Controller-re... www.amazon.com › Pioneer-DJ-Channel-Controller-re... Cached Amazon.com: Pioneer DJ DJ Controller (DDJ-400): Musical Instruments. pioneer ddj-400 pioneer dj decks pioneer dj ddj-400 pioneer ddj-200 pioneer dj mixer pioneer dj controller for sale People also search for Pioneer Dj DDJ-400 - Muziker IE www.muziker.ie › DJ › DJ Controllers and Software www.muziker.ie › DJ › DJ Controllers and Software Cached Pioneer Dj DDJ-400, DJ Controller/Console, DDJ-400, Learning to DJ has never been easier than with the DDJ-400 2-channel DJ controller for rekordbox dj. Rating: 4.7 · ‎ 16 reviews · ‎ €280.00 · ‎ In stock pioneer dj decks pioneer ddj-400 pioneer dj mixer pioneer ddj-200 pioneer dj ddj-400 pioneer dj software People also search for DJ Solutions Store www.dj-solutions.ie › store www.dj-solutions.ie › store Cached We supply and install top brands including Pioneer DJ , Yamaha, FBT, Roland, dB Technologies, Chauvet and more. We provide equipment, advice and after- sales ... pioneer dj decks pioneer ddj-400 pioneer dj mixer pioneer ddj-200 pioneer dj ddj-400 pioneer dj software People also search for Searches related to pioneer dj pioneer dj decks pioneer ddj-400 pioneer dj mixer pioneer ddj-200 pioneer dj ddj-400 pioneer dj software pioneer ddj-1000 dj controller Page navigation 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next Complementary results Images More images Share Facebook Twitter Email Click to copy link Share link Link copied Pioneer DJ Description Description Pioneer DJ is a brand of AlphaTheta Corporation that represents the company's range of DJ products. In March 2015 KKR acquired an 85.05 percent stake from Pioneer. Again, in March 2020 KKR and Pioneer Corporation sold their respective stakes to Noritsu. Wikipedia Founded : Kawasaki (2014) People also search for View 10+ more Serato Numark Native Instruments Reloop Denon DJ Choose what you’re giving feedback on Or give general feedback Feedback See results about CDJ A CDJ is a specialized digital music player for DJing. ... A CDJ is a specialized digital music player for DJing. Originally designed to play ... Footer links Ireland Monaghan - From your Internet address - Use precise location - Learn more Help Send feedback Privacy Terms Google apps News | Latest Breaking News Stories & Headlines | RTÉ skip to main content Menu Weather 7°C Ireland's National Public Service Media Meáin Náisiúnta Seirbhíse Poiblí na hÉireann Menu News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio Weather 7°C Archives Brainstorm Gaeilge History Weather 7°C Menu Weather 7°C Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Go News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio Weather 7°C Archives Brainstorm Gaeilge History Weather 7°C Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Weather 7°C Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Weather Warning News Covid-19 Brexit Ireland World Business Politics Nuacht RTÉ Investigates Programmes RTÉ News - News | Latest Breaking News Stories & Headlines | RTÉ EU concern over tone of Gove's demands on NI Protocol Brexit EU sources have expressed concern over the tone of Michael Gove's letter to his European Commission counterpart on changes the UK is demanding to the Northern Ireland Protocol. Over 70s should get Pfizer, Moderna vaccines - HSE Coronavirus Covid-19: Further 94 deaths and 1,013 cases recorded Coronavirus Woman focuses on 'fight to stay alive' after settlement Courts Ian Wright 'disappointed' Kerry student given probation Courts Switzerland seeks more data on AstraZeneca vaccine Coronavirus Brendan Gleeson, Wolfwalkers are Golden Globe nominees Golden Globe Awards RTÉ proposes pay cuts and redundancies to reduce costs Business Over 10 million people in UK vaccinated against Covid Coronavirus Woman injured in Dublin city assault last month dies Ireland Figures show fall in number of Covid-19 outbreaks Coronavirus More News Regional More Regional Dublin motorists facing fines over clamping under plans Dublin Students in mid-west urged to avoid social gatherings Munster Storytelling 'break in the day' for pandemic isolated Leinster PSNI probe into storm drain access after Donohoe death Ulster Man pleads guilty to dangerous driving causing death Connacht Covid outbreak at Eyre Powell Direct Provision Centre Leinster Man jailed for four years over Cork hit-and-run Courts More Regional NI Protocol Fallout Vaccines, Commission and NI Protocol: What went wrong? Analysis and Comment The rollout of vaccines in the EU, already beset with problems, took an explosive turn when the Commission triggered Article 16 of the Northern Ireland Protocol. NI ports safety issue 'sinister and ugly' - Taoiseach Ulster Some food checks suspended, staff withdrawn at NI ports Ulster DUP aims to undermine Northern Ireland Protocol Brexit Video Woman focusing on 'fight to stay alive' settles smear test case Woman focusing on 'fight to stay alive' settles smear test case Over 70s should get Pfizer, Moderna vaccines - HSE Brendan Gleeson, Wolfwalkers are among Golden Globe nominees Storytelling 'break in the day' for pandemic isolated elderly News Lens More News Lens Irish choir performs at launch of EU cancer plan News Lens What we know about the Sputnik V Covid-19 vaccine News Lens Golden-tongued mummies discovered in Egypt News Lens Eiffel Tower set to get Olympic facelift News Lens What is the Wuhan lab at centre of WHO investigation? News Lens Love of skating keeps Russian granny in the groove News Lens Gardaí bust some moves after Swiss police challenge News Lens Punxsutawney Phil predicts six more weeks of winter News Lens Woman meets newborn daughter after three months in coma News Lens Cricket crisis as traffic noise blocks mating song News Lens Sounds of hope as Colosseum hosts classical concert News Lens Myanmar coup: What we know so far News Lens Weather Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Follow RTÉ © RTÉ 2021. RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Media. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Privacy Big questions unanswered in Government's vaccine plan skip to main content Menu Weather 7°C Ireland's National Public Service Media Meáin Náisiúnta Seirbhíse Poiblí na hÉireann Menu News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio Weather 7°C Archives Brainstorm Gaeilge History Weather 7°C Menu Weather 7°C Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Go News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio Weather 7°C Archives Brainstorm Gaeilge History Weather 7°C Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Weather 7°C Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Weather Warning News Covid-19 Brexit Ireland World Business Politics Nuacht RTÉ Investigates Programmes Big questions unanswered in Government's vaccine plan Updated / Saturday, 30 Jan 2021 09:37 By Sandra Hurley Political Reporter There were sighs of relief around Government Buildings as approval came through for the one vaccine it has hailed as a game changer. Yesterday, the European Medicines Agency cleared the AstraZeneca jab for use for all adults - including those over 65. And while the row over supply continues, the move means the Irish vaccination plan has cleared a hurdle in the race to protect the population. But the manufacturing problems and the question marks over protection for older people has exposed the vulnerability in the Government's plans as it wrestles to deliver a mammoth operation with many unknowns. To add to its woes, Ireland has been drawn into the unexpected diplomatic row which has exploded over the EU's decision to override part of the Brexit deal in order to ensure vaccine supply. The easily stored AstraZeneca vaccine was repeatedly hailed as a game changer by senior government figures - among them Taoiseach Micheál Martin and Minister for Health Stephen Donnelly. It is the cornerstone of the aim to vaccinate all over 70s in mass vaccination centres because it will be easier to scale up the rollout of doses that do not require special storage. But others have questioned the wisdom of depending so much on one particular vaccine. TCD Professor of Experimental Immunology Kingston Mills said this week: "I've heard this vaccine being called a gamechanger by some of our people in Government. I think that was a very dangerous thing to do because it was putting too much emphasis on a single vaccine." Professor Mills said there are many other vaccines in development and he was particularly impressed by the new data from Novavax which seems to have an edge in tackling some of the new Covid variants. The EU has not yet agreed contracts with Novavax although exploratory talks have taken place. And all this illustrates the Catch 22 for the Government as it comes under pressure to set out timelines in a process out of its control and beset by uncertainty. Targets are going to slip and the Government faces accusations of overpromising and underdelivering. This week, the Minister for Health performed some linguistic gymnastics insisting that he had not promised that everyone would be offered a vaccine by September – instead it was an "aspiration" or "projection" with many caveats. And while it's true that the target he delivered in the Dáil was indicative and subject to supply, the subtleties may be lost on a public hungry for hard data on when normal life can resume. Mr Donnelly was much more reticent taking Health Questions on Thursday when he repeatedly deflected Opposition attempts to elicit whether there would be any slippage in the overall target of vaccinating all over-70s by the end of March. Sinn Féin's David Cullinane posed the question several times and was frustrated with the responses. "No timeframes or targets were given and the minister did not revise the timeframes he had given to Deputies in this House and to the public over recent weeks. It pains me to say it but it is difficult to retain confidence in the rollout of the vaccination programme when we are not given the information we should be getting from the Minister for Health." The key challenge for the Government on vaccination is now about managing expectations. Given the number of other vaccines in development, Ireland should have all its population vaccinated this year. But the early weeks of the rollout programme have demonstrated that it's not straightforward and there is, as HSE Chief Executive Paul Reid said, a bumpy road ahead. And while the supply of AstraZeneca remains fraught, there's better news on the Johnson & Johnson single dose vaccine. According to the head of the High Level Taskforce on Covid Vaccination, Professor Brian MacCraith, Ireland has signed up to 2.2 million doses with most due to arrive in the third quarter of the year. The other development this week was the firm move on to the political agenda of a push to a Zero Covid strategy. Labour's Alan Kelly put it succinctly in the Dáil this week when he said that it was now clear that vaccines were not going to be the panacea for 2021. This too exposes the vulnerability in the Government’s strategy of betting everything on vaccination. Opposition TDs have accused it of having no alternative plan as the harsh reality of tackling an evolving virus has become all too clear. More stories on News Ireland Politics Analysis and Comment Most Read 1 Bank to pay €66,000 into child account over withdrawals 13:13 2 EU concern over tone of Gove's demands on NI Protocol 21:45 3 Woman focuses on 'fight to stay alive' after settlement 14:54 4 Over 70s should get Pfizer, Moderna vaccines - HSE 20:40 5 Woman injured in Dublin city assault last month dies 15:49 6 Covid-19: Further 94 deaths and 1,013 cases recorded 21:15 More by Sandra Hurley Political Reporter Follow @sandra_hurley Committee told €81k pay hike in Health Dept outrageous Politics Ireland to get 100k more AZ vaccines in first quarter Ireland Buck stops with Government on vaccine roll-out Coronavirus Outline of tracing legislation could be ready by March Mother-And-Baby Homes Most Read 1 Bank to pay €66,000 into child account over withdrawals 13:13 2 EU concern over tone of Gove's demands on NI Protocol 21:45 3 Woman focuses on 'fight to stay alive' after settlement 14:54 4 Over 70s should get Pfizer, Moderna vaccines - HSE 20:40 5 Woman injured in Dublin city assault last month dies 15:49 6 Covid-19: Further 94 deaths and 1,013 cases recorded 21:15 Weather Discover RTÉ Archives RTÉ Brainstorm History Gaeilge RTÉ Learn Watch RTÉ Player TV RTÉ One RTÉ2 RTÉ News RTÉjr Listen Radio Podcasts RTÉ Radio 1 RTÉ 2FM RTÉ lyric fm RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta Services Orchestras RTÉ Weather Lotto Century Ireland RTÉ Shop Kids & Teens TRTÉ RTÉjr Help Contact Feedback Policies and Reports Complaints Terms & Conditions Individual Rights Guide Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Freedom of Information Information About RTÉ TV Licence Vacancies Latest Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn Saorview Newsletters RTÉ Supporting the Arts Follow RTÉ © RTÉ 2021. RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Media. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Privacy DJ controllers - Pioneer DJ - Global Home Products 1 fundament/icons/product/players DJ players 1 fundament/icons/product/mixers DJ mixers 1 fundament/icons/product/controller DJ controllers 1 fundament/icons/product/turntables Turntables 1 fundament/icons/product/all in one All-in-one DJ systems 1 fundament/icons/product/remix station Remix stations DJ samplers Music production 1 fundament/icons/product/headphones Headphones 1 fundament/icons/product/monitor speakers Monitor speakers PA speakers 1 fundament/icons/product/software DJ software & interfaces 1 fundament/icons/product/accessories Accessories TORAIZ POWER TO CREATE All products News Blog Support Software & firmware updates Tutorials, manuals & documentation Extra software information FAQ Service centers Technical Riders My Pioneer DJ Account All support Find a store Close Top results See all results Didn’t find what you’re looking for? Maybe use fewer words or a more general search term. If you still have no luck you can contact our customer service . Register Log in All products Decks and Players DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories DJ Controller DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories All products Decks and Players DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories DJ Controller DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories Compare DJ Controllers New DDJ-FLX6 4-channel DJ controller for rekordbox and Serato DJ Pro Flex Your Boundaries Captivate your audience with the DDJ-FLX6. Packing a host of brand-new features, this 4-channel unit makes it easy to hype up the audience, ... More Black Gold DDJ-1000SRT 4-channel performance DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro The Wait is Over The Serato-compatible version of our popular DDJ-1000 is here – meet the DDJ-1000SRT. This 4-channel DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro i... More DDJ-1000 4-channel performance DJ controller for rekordbox dj The new rekordbox experience Make the most of rekordbox’s enhanced new features with our dedicated 4-channel DJ controller. Featuring the professional layout inherited f... More DDJ-800 2-channel performance DJ controller for rekordbox dj Take your performance anywhere The DDJ-800 2-channel DJ controller is a pro DJ setup that’s made to go wherever you do. This portable unit inherits the club-style la... More black gold silver DDJ-400 2-channel DJ controller for rekordbox dj Master the basics Learning to DJ has never been easier than with the DDJ-400 2-channel DJ controller for rekordbox. Packed with features to help you comfortab... More DDJ-200 2-channel Smart DJ controller Stream, Create, Experience Start DJing with our easy-to-use DDJ-200 smart DJ controller. Lightweight and compact with a pro-style layout, it’ll help you learn to... More DDJ-RZX 4-channel professional DJ controller for rekordbox dj & rekordbox video Visual control Visualise your sets with the DDJ-RZX controller for rekordbox. Designed for DJs on the road, it comes with three 7-inch touch screens that l... More DDJ-RZ 4-channel professional DJ controller for rekordbox dj Next generation control. The top-flight DDJ-RZ is the first professional, native controller for rekordbox, giving you the flexibility to prepare your tracks in rekor... More DDJ-XP2 Sub controller for rekordbox dj & rekordbox dvs Double Trouble Level up with the DDJ-XP2 add-on DJ controller for rekordbox and Serato DJ Pro. No matter which DJ application you’re used to, this DJ... More DDJ-XP1 Add-on controller for rekordbox rekordbox at your fingertips Whether you use turntables, multi-players or external devices, the DDJ-XP1 will bring a whole new sphere of creative possibilities to your D... More DDJ-SZ2 4-channel professional DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro New generation Serato mastery The DDJ-SZ2 builds on the strong foundations of its predecessor, our flagship DDJ-SZ controller. This upgrade to our flagship Serato DJ Pro ... More DDJ-1000-and-RB-DMX1-bundle More DDJ-SX3 4-channel performance DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro Smooth transition Boost your creativity with the DDJ-SX3 4-channel DJ controller for  Serato DJ Pro. Expanding on the features of our popular DDJ-SX2 controll... More DDJ-SR2 2-channel performance DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro Harmonic control The DDJ-SR2 has dedicated key controls for Serato DJ Pro, allowing you to control the software features with the push of a button. This 2-ch... More black gold silver DDJ-SB3 2-channel DJ controller for Serato DJ Lite Start from scratch We’ve combined the popular features of the DDJ-SB2 with our leading Serato DJ controllers to make learning to DJ more accessible than ever. ... More DDJ-SP1 Sub controller for Serato DJ Pro Set Serato DJ Pro free. Add the DDJ-SP1 to a set-up that supports mixing and scratching with Serato DJ Pro – for example a laptop, or timecode CDJs/turntables with ... More black white DDJ-WeGO4 2-channel DJ controller for WeDJ Join the world of mixing Take your first steps in the world of DJ-ing with the compact DDJ-WeGO4. Learn to mix seamlessly with tactile controls and jog wheels for sc... More Looking for discontinued products? Visit the product archive . Product DJ Controller Products DJ players DJ mixers DJ controllers Turntables All-in-one DJ systems Remix stations DJ samplers Music production Headphones Monitor speakers PA speakers DJ software & Interfaces Accessories Support Contact Manuals Software & firmware Software information FAQ Forum Certification program About your account Important product notices News About us Company info Corporate contact KUVO Radio DJsounds Ibiza Pioneer Pro Audio Instagram Twitter Facebook YouTube © AlphaTheta Privacy policy terms of use trademarks Clear entry Close Top results See all results Didn’t find what you’re looking for? Maybe use fewer words or a more general search term. If you still have no luck you can contact our customer service . Covid19 Facts · TheJournal.ie My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed Advertisement #Open journalism No news is bad news Your contributions will help us continue to deliver the stories that are important to you Support The Journal Contribute : Support us now Dublin: 7°C Wednesday 3 February 2021 Irish News FactCheck Voices Brexit Covid-19 Newsletters Podcasts More Close Weekly Podcast The Explainer The Explainer is a weekly podcast from TheJournal.ie that takes a deeper look at one big news story you need to know about. Listen now wherever you get your podcasts Newsletters : Sign Up Morning Memo Coronavirus Brexit The Evening Fix Sections & Topics International Family Politics Property Culture Home Business Partner Publications The42 The latest Irish and international sports news for readers and members Noteworthy A platform helping fund the type of in-depth journalism that the public wants to see Support The Journal #covid19 facts Interactive content by Flourish # covid19-facts - Today’s News # Latest Figures # Latest Figures Coronavirus: 94 deaths and 1,013 new cases confirmed in Ireland 4 hours ago 85,780 Views 75 Comments Health officials confirmed the latest figures this evening. # Coronavirus # Coronavirus GlaxoSmithKline and CureVac to make Covid vaccines targeting new variants 9 hours ago 12,674 Views 6 Comments The UK-based firm is teaming up with Germany’s CureVac. # ICU # ICU Over 500 Covid-19 patients receiving critical care in Irish hospitals 12 hours ago 25,152 Views 24 Comments There are 205 patients in ICU and 301 others receiving critical care outside of ICU. # Coronavirus # Coronavirus WHO team visits virus lab in Wuhan as part of Covid-19 probe 14 hours ago 15,016 Views 26 Comments The lab is at the heart of a controversial and unproven theory that it could have been the source of the first coronavirus outbreak. # covid19-facts - Yesterday’s News # Covid-19 # Covid-19 Coronavirus: 101 deaths and 879 new cases confirmed in Ireland Tue 5:57 PM 141,563 Views 228 Comments The total number of cases has reached 198,424. # Covid-19 # Covid-19 Ireland to get first 35,000 doses of Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine next week Updated
                                        Tue 11:20 AM 43,998 Views 100 Comments Stephen Donnelly said that 1.1 million doses of Pfizer, Moderna or AstraZeneca vaccines are to be delivered by the end of March. # Covid19 # Covid19 Here's why NPHET believes Zero Covid wouldn't work in Ireland Tue 10:04 AM 34,851 Views 83 Comments Health officials have said there are many similarities between their approach and the proposed strategy, but the differences are important. # covid19-facts - Monday 1 February, 2021 # Covid19 # Covid19 Reader Q&A: What do you want to know about the Covid-19 vaccines and their roll-out in Ireland? Mon 3:43 PM 14,966 Views 0 Comments With three vaccines now approved for use in the EU – and each reporting supply issues – what do you want to know? # covid19-facts - Friday 29 January, 2021 # Covid19 # Covid19 'The refrigerators will be empty:' Has the EU vaccine strategy gone off the rails? Fri 6:34 PM 64,727 Views 55 Comments The EU is under increasing pressure as member states face unexpected supply issues just one month into their vaccine programmes. Ireland to receive 300,000 fewer vaccine doses to April due to supply issues EU medicines agency approves Oxford/AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine for everyone over 18 # Hospital Capacity # Hospital Capacity Dr Colm Henry: There was a 10-fold increase in people sick with Covid from start of December to January Fri 9:43 AM 13,925 Views 4 Comments As of yesterday, there are 1,620 people with Covid-19 in hospital, with 216 in ICU. # covid19-facts - Thursday 28 January, 2021 # Hospital Capacity # Hospital Capacity 3% of the population have been vaccinated, as Covid hospitalisations continue to fall Jan 28th 2021, 10:59 AM 28,419 Views 78 Comments Health Minister Stephen Donnelly said that 66,000 people in long term residential care homes have been vaccinated. # covid19-facts - Wednesday 27 January, 2021 # Hospital Capacity # Hospital Capacity Donnelly says vaccine timeframe is 'realistic' as 217 people with Covid-19 in ICUs Jan 27th 2021, 1:12 PM 25,229 Views 40 Comments The Health Minister said today that he still thinks it’s realistic to expect all adults to be offered a Covid vaccine by September. # covid19-facts - Tuesday 26 January, 2021 # Latest Figures # Latest Figures Coronavirus: 90 deaths and 928 new cases confirmed, bringing the death toll in Ireland to over 3,000 Updated
                                        Jan 26th 2021, 6:41 PM 141,257 Views 206 Comments The National Public Health Emergency Team confirmed the latest figures in a statement this evening. # Level 5 # Level 5 Travellers into Ireland to be subject to mandatory quarantine at home or in a hotel, government says Updated
                                        Jan 26th 2021, 6:16 PM 57,847 Views 75 Comments Micheál Martin announced the extended measures this afternoon. # Hospital Capacity # Hospital Capacity There are 1,823 people with Covid-19 in hospital, and 216 people in ICU Jan 26th 2021, 12:22 PM 13,132 Views 10 Comments Prof Philip Nolan has said that he expects hospital admissions to “remain very high for weeks”. # Over 65s # Over 65s Germany joins AstraZeneca in rejecting 'completely incorrect' reports on Covid vaccine efficacy in elderly Updated
                                        Jan 26th 2021, 11:33 AM 75,502 Views 41 Comments Two German newspaper reports cast doubt on the effectiveness of the Oxford vaccine among older age groups. # Riots # Riots Second night of violence in the Netherlands amid anger over Covid-19 curfew Jan 26th 2021, 8:00 AM 40,502 Views 51 Comments Meanwhile, US President Joe Biden has said herd immunity could be achieved this year. # covid19-facts - Monday 25 January, 2021 # Coronavirus # Coronavirus Glynn says quarantine plans 'welcome': The key points you need to know from tonight's NPHET briefing Jan 25th 2021, 7:59 PM 61,369 Views 29 Comments A round-up of NPHET’s press briefing at the Department of Health this evening. # Coronavirus # Coronavirus Three-quarters of people say they will take Covid-19 vaccine Jan 25th 2021, 6:30 AM 20,034 Views 51 Comments Almost one-fifth of people are unsure and 7% will not take a vaccine, according to a new survey. # covid19-facts - Sunday 24 January, 2021 # Vaccine # Vaccine 650 Covid-19 patients are receiving critical care, including 214 in ICU Updated
                                        Jan 24th 2021, 3:23 PM 53,948 Views 83 Comments HSE CEO Paul Reid said health teams are ‘battling to save lives’. # Covid-19 # Covid-19 No deaths in Europe directly linked to Covid vaccine, experts say Jan 24th 2021, 11:46 AM 29,082 Views 34 Comments Health agencies say the vast majority of post-vaccination fatalities were among people who were elderly and already vulnerable. # covid19-facts - Saturday 23 January, 2021 # Covid-19 # Covid-19 Taoiseach says there will be restrictions for six months, schools may not reopen until March Updated
                                        Jan 23rd 2021, 2:55 PM 217,589 Views 227 Comments Micheál Martin said he is concerned about the UK strain of the virus, and vaccine delivery delays. # covid19-facts - Friday 22 January, 2021 # Coronavirus # Coronavirus Explainer: Why is mandatory quarantine being debated again and what are other countries doing? Updated
                                        Jan 22nd 2021, 7:33 PM 23,298 Views 35 Comments A mandatory 14-day quarantine is in place in Australia and other countries for people travelling from abroad. # Covid19 # Covid19 Coronavirus: 52 deaths and 2,371 new cases confirmed in Ireland Jan 22nd 2021, 6:18 PM 89,534 Views 160 Comments 219 people are in ICU today Dr Tony Holohan has urged people to stay at home this weekend to minimise the spread of Covid-19 Of today's cases, 757 were in Dublin, 237 in Cork and 154 in Waterford Explainer: Why is mandatory quarantine being debated again and what are other countries doing? 'Is the care of the same standard? No': Hospitals under pressure as ICU capacity approaches surge limit # CSO Covid Data # CSO Covid Data 10% of all Covid-19 deaths in Ireland since beginning of pandemic occurred last week Jan 22nd 2021, 1:34 PM 15,444 Views 59 Comments That’s according to the latest statistics released by the CSO this morning. # Covid19 # Covid19 'Is the care of the same standard? No': Hospitals under pressure as ICU capacity approaches surge limit Updated
                                        Jan 22nd 2021, 1:00 PM 54,015 Views 83 Comments Paul Reid said that transmission is "extremely different", with whole families getting sick from Covid-19. An Oireachtas Committee heard that over 6,500 workers in acute hospitals are currently on sick leave. There have been 523 Covid deaths in January, with the CMO predicting that this could rise up to 1,000. How does this week's Covid-19 data compare to last week's? Dr Holohan says 'no reason' to change his view on possibility of up to 1,000 Covid-19 deaths this month # covid19-facts - Thursday 21 January, 2021 # Latest Figures # Latest Figures 'We still have a very large burden of infection': 51 deaths and 2,608 new cases of Covid-19 confirmed Updated
                                        Jan 21st 2021, 6:20 PM 107,577 Views 177 Comments The figures were confirmed by public health officials this evening. # Level 5 # Level 5 Taoiseach says restrictions will likely continue 'well into' February and possibly beyond Jan 21st 2021, 9:43 AM 89,201 Views 226 Comments Micheál Martin said Covid-19 transmission rates are too high to ease restrictions Schools and construction are "essential" and will be examined separately to other sectors Yesterday 61 more deaths and 2,488 new cases of Covid-19 were confirmed in Ireland 'Our kids are suffering': Some parents 'devastated' over failure to re-open special education as planned Leaving Cert 2021: Students want a choice of written exam or Calculated Grades # Coronavirus # Coronavirus Covid-19 deaths in US top WWII fatalities as Biden warns worst is yet to come Jan 21st 2021, 6:58 AM 18,203 Views 40 Comments 405,400 people have died from the disease, more than the 405,399 total US combat and non-combat deaths in WWII. # Factfind # Factfind Factfind: What advice did NPHET give to Government around the closure of schools? Jan 21st 2021, 12:05 AM 48,445 Views 0 Comments Debate about the safety of schools in relation to Covid-19 is ongoing. # covid19-facts - Wednesday 20 January, 2021 # Latest Figures # Latest Figures Coronavirus: 61 deaths and 2,488 new cases confirmed in Ireland Jan 20th 2021, 5:40 PM 116,234 Views 171 Comments The figures were confirmed by public health officials this evening. # Covid19 Facts # Covid19 Facts There are 1,919 people with Covid-19 in hospital, with 210 in ICU Jan 20th 2021, 12:20 PM 25,412 Views 28 Comments 19 people were admitted to an ICU in the past 24 hours, and eight people were discharged. # Coronavirus # Coronavirus UK strain of Covid-19 now in at least 60 countries, WHO confirms Jan 20th 2021, 8:48 AM 11,083 Views 21 Comments Incoming US President Joe Biden focused on healing at a memorial for victims on the eve of his inauguration. # covid19-facts - Tuesday 19 January, 2021 # Latest Figures # Latest Figures Coronavirus: 93 deaths and 2,001 new cases confirmed in Ireland Jan 19th 2021, 5:53 PM 136,529 Views 147 Comments The figures were confirmed by public health officials this evening. # Surge Capacity # Surge Capacity 'We're well in the surge now for critical care': 202 people with Covid-19 are in ICU Updated
                                        Jan 19th 2021, 3:20 PM 35,182 Views 98 Comments Cabinet to consider proposals for remunerating student nurses on placement during the pandemic. The Beacon Hospital signed up to the HSE's 'safety net' deal for private beds during the third Covid-19 wave. GPs and pharmacists are to be paid almost €91 million to vaccinate 1.5 million people. Student nurses repeat call for fair payment as Collins Report sent to Cabinet # Private Hospitals # Private Hospitals All 18 private hospitals now signed up to surge capacity deal as Beacon accepts arrangement Jan 19th 2021, 1:31 PM 13,780 Views 26 Comments Until today, the Beacon Hospital had been the only private hospital not to sign up to the deal. # Covid19 # Covid19 Explainer: We're into our surge ICU capacity in hospitals - so what does that mean? Jan 19th 2021, 12:05 AM 34,602 Views 40 Comments Hospitals are under increasing pressure, with patients in all age cohorts needing critical care. # covid19-facts - Monday 18 January, 2021 # DAILY FIGURES # DAILY FIGURES Coronavirus: Eight deaths and 2,121 new cases confirmed in Ireland Jan 18th 2021, 5:48 PM 121,719 Views 198 Comments The latest figures were confirmed this evening. # Hospitalisations # Hospitalisations There are now 2,023 people with Covid-19 in hospital Updated
                                        Jan 18th 2021, 12:56 PM 57,925 Views 88 Comments Over 400 people with Covid-19 are receiving high-grade ventilation and respiratory support inside and outside of ICU. 17 of Ireland’s 18 private hospitals have signed up to a “safety net” deal. As of last Wednesday, 77,303 people have received their first dose of the Pfizer-BioNTech Covid-19 vaccine. Coombe board to discuss some hospital staff family members receiving leftover vaccines Health Minister seeks early delivery of AstraZeneca vaccines # covid19-facts - Sunday 17 January, 2021 # Coronavirus # Coronavirus Looking for clear, up-to-date information on coronavirus and Ireland's response to it? Sign up to our newsletter Jan 17th 2021, 5:15 PM 55,006 Views 0 Comments Our hugely popular newsletter brings you the latest Irish and international developments. 1 2 3 4 5 Next factcheck Coronavirus FactFind: Is the coronavirus 'partially seasonal', as the Tánaiste has claimed? debunked Debunked: No, a Wexford doctor's death was not related to the Covid-19 vaccine factcheck FactCheck: No, the lack of hospitalisations from flu is not because cases are mistakenly being diagnosed as Covid-19 Your say View more polls Poll: Should Leaving Cert students be given the option of sitting the exams or taking calculated grades? YESTERDAY, THE GOVERNMENT signaled its hopes that a decision on this year’s Leaving Certificate exams could be made next week . Among the options for the Leaving Cert include holding the exams in the traditional manner or repeating last year’s calculated grades system. A hybrid model of the two has also been suggested. Unions have argued that the Leaving Cert should go ahead in the traditional manner but a number of opposition parties have said that an alternative should be found. So, today we’re asking you: Should Leaving Cert students be given the option of sitting the exams or taking calculated grades? Poll Results: Yes (6917) No, they should sit the exams (2885) No, it should be just calculated grades (1538) No, another alternative should be found (650) Not sure (320) Yes No, they should sit the exams No, it should be just calculated grades No, another alternative should be found Not sure Vote Share 6 Tweet 64 Share your story: voices@thejournal.ie Gino Kenny: Vaccinating only those in wealthy countries is counterproductive By Gino Kenny The People Before Profit TD makes the case for the People’s Vaccine, a global campaign to make vaccines available for all. Opinion: Opposition for opposition sake to Affordable Housing Plan short-changes young people and families By Mary Fitzpatrick Fianna Fáil’s Mary Fitzpatrick responds to opposition criticism of the government’s Affordable Housing Plan. Money Diaries: A 27-year-old technical support worker on €34K decorating her new home By TheJournal.ie reader This week, our reader is renovating the new home she just bought in county Offaly. Opinion: 'She knocked on the door and the nun said her son was gone' - the story of the forgotten foster children By Jamie Canavan Jamie Canavan is researching the stories of children who were forced into ‘boarding out’, a term given to fostering in the early to mid last century. Opinion: The role of Attorney General should be more transparent - let's start by publishing the advice By Dr David Kenny & Dr Conor Casey Dr David Kenny and Dr Conor Casey argue that the refusal to publish the advice of the AG by successive governments serves no one. Dublin Weather Change location Wednesday Mostly cloudy with a brief shower or two Max: 8 °C Min: 6 °C Thursday Mostly cloudy with a bit of rain Max: 9 °C Min: 3 °C Friday Variable clouds, showers around; chilly Max: 6 °C Min: 2 °C Most Popular Most Commented Most Popular Most viewed articles in the past 24 hours latest figures Coronavirus: 94 deaths and 1,013 new cases confirmed in Ireland Complaints Ombudsman ordered bank to reimburse money to child's account after father withdrew €66,000 Dublin Woman stabbed at IFSC in Dublin last month has died Your Say Poll: Should Leaving Cert students be given the option of sitting the exams or taking calculated grades? The protocol Boris Johnson to consider invoking Article 16 to stop 'barrier down Irish Sea' Most Commented Most commented articles in the past 3 days daily update Coronavirus: 79 deaths and 1,414 new cases confirmed in Ireland Covid-19 Coronavirus: 101 deaths and 879 new cases confirmed in Ireland Vaccines EU backs down after Northern Ireland Protocol row provoked fury and dismay on both sides of Irish Sea Your Say Poll: Should renters be allowed to own pets? Your Say Poll: Should St Brigid's Day be a public holiday? From The42 Trends Analysis: Where did Ireland's 25 tries come from last year? hard at work O'Connell the coach looks to move past 'aura' of his playing career How To Win At Dominoes 'I've always had a curiosity for the tactical side of things' - Limerick hurling coach Kinnerk Download our app Trending Opinions Gino Kenny: Vaccinating only those in wealthy countries is counterproductive Gino Kenny The People Before Profit TD makes the case for the People’s Vaccine, a global campaign to make vaccines available for all. Opinion: Opposition for opposition sake to Affordable Housing Plan short-changes young people and families Mary Fitzpatrick Fianna Fáil’s Mary Fitzpatrick responds to opposition criticism of the government’s Affordable Housing Plan. Money Diaries: A 27-year-old technical support worker on €34K decorating her new home TheJournal.ie reader This week, our reader is renovating the new home she just bought in county Offaly. ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Cookies & Privacy Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2021 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623.
                Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie supports the work of the Press Council of Ireland and the Office of the Press Ombudsman, and our staff operate within the Code of Practice.  You can obtain a copy of the Code, or contact the Council, at www.presscouncil.ie , PH: (01) 6489130, Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or email: info@presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy . News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press . Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site Sites: TheJournal.ie | Noteworthy | The42 | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Please log in to comment RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed #covid19-facts Latest News Feed Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit DJ controllers - Pioneer DJ - Global Home Products 1 fundament/icons/product/players DJ players 1 fundament/icons/product/mixers DJ mixers 1 fundament/icons/product/controller DJ controllers 1 fundament/icons/product/turntables Turntables 1 fundament/icons/product/all in one All-in-one DJ systems 1 fundament/icons/product/remix station Remix stations DJ samplers Music production 1 fundament/icons/product/headphones Headphones 1 fundament/icons/product/monitor speakers Monitor speakers PA speakers 1 fundament/icons/product/software DJ software & interfaces 1 fundament/icons/product/accessories Accessories TORAIZ POWER TO CREATE All products News Blog Support Software & firmware updates Tutorials, manuals & documentation Extra software information FAQ Service centers Technical Riders My Pioneer DJ Account All support Find a store Close Top results See all results Didn’t find what you’re looking for? Maybe use fewer words or a more general search term. If you still have no luck you can contact our customer service . Register Log in All products Decks and Players DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories DJ Controller DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories All products Decks and Players DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories DJ Controller DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories Compare DJ Controllers New DDJ-FLX6 4-channel DJ controller for rekordbox and Serato DJ Pro Flex Your Boundaries Captivate your audience with the DDJ-FLX6. Packing a host of brand-new features, this 4-channel unit makes it easy to hype up the audience, ... More Black Gold DDJ-1000SRT 4-channel performance DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro The Wait is Over The Serato-compatible version of our popular DDJ-1000 is here – meet the DDJ-1000SRT. This 4-channel DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro i... More DDJ-1000 4-channel performance DJ controller for rekordbox dj The new rekordbox experience Make the most of rekordbox’s enhanced new features with our dedicated 4-channel DJ controller. Featuring the professional layout inherited f... More DDJ-800 2-channel performance DJ controller for rekordbox dj Take your performance anywhere The DDJ-800 2-channel DJ controller is a pro DJ setup that’s made to go wherever you do. This portable unit inherits the club-style la... More black gold silver DDJ-400 2-channel DJ controller for rekordbox dj Master the basics Learning to DJ has never been easier than with the DDJ-400 2-channel DJ controller for rekordbox. Packed with features to help you comfortab... More DDJ-200 2-channel Smart DJ controller Stream, Create, Experience Start DJing with our easy-to-use DDJ-200 smart DJ controller. Lightweight and compact with a pro-style layout, it’ll help you learn to... More DDJ-RZX 4-channel professional DJ controller for rekordbox dj & rekordbox video Visual control Visualise your sets with the DDJ-RZX controller for rekordbox. Designed for DJs on the road, it comes with three 7-inch touch screens that l... More DDJ-RZ 4-channel professional DJ controller for rekordbox dj Next generation control. The top-flight DDJ-RZ is the first professional, native controller for rekordbox, giving you the flexibility to prepare your tracks in rekor... More DDJ-XP2 Sub controller for rekordbox dj & rekordbox dvs Double Trouble Level up with the DDJ-XP2 add-on DJ controller for rekordbox and Serato DJ Pro. No matter which DJ application you’re used to, this DJ... More DDJ-XP1 Add-on controller for rekordbox rekordbox at your fingertips Whether you use turntables, multi-players or external devices, the DDJ-XP1 will bring a whole new sphere of creative possibilities to your D... More DDJ-SZ2 4-channel professional DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro New generation Serato mastery The DDJ-SZ2 builds on the strong foundations of its predecessor, our flagship DDJ-SZ controller. This upgrade to our flagship Serato DJ Pro ... More DDJ-1000-and-RB-DMX1-bundle More DDJ-SX3 4-channel performance DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro Smooth transition Boost your creativity with the DDJ-SX3 4-channel DJ controller for  Serato DJ Pro. Expanding on the features of our popular DDJ-SX2 controll... More DDJ-SR2 2-channel performance DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro Harmonic control The DDJ-SR2 has dedicated key controls for Serato DJ Pro, allowing you to control the software features with the push of a button. This 2-ch... More black gold silver DDJ-SB3 2-channel DJ controller for Serato DJ Lite Start from scratch We’ve combined the popular features of the DDJ-SB2 with our leading Serato DJ controllers to make learning to DJ more accessible than ever. ... More DDJ-SP1 Sub controller for Serato DJ Pro Set Serato DJ Pro free. Add the DDJ-SP1 to a set-up that supports mixing and scratching with Serato DJ Pro – for example a laptop, or timecode CDJs/turntables with ... More black white DDJ-WeGO4 2-channel DJ controller for WeDJ Join the world of mixing Take your first steps in the world of DJ-ing with the compact DDJ-WeGO4. Learn to mix seamlessly with tactile controls and jog wheels for sc... More Looking for discontinued products? Visit the product archive . Product DJ Controller Products DJ players DJ mixers DJ controllers Turntables All-in-one DJ systems Remix stations DJ samplers Music production Headphones Monitor speakers PA speakers DJ software & Interfaces Accessories Support Contact Manuals Software & firmware Software information FAQ Forum Certification program About your account Important product notices News About us Company info Corporate contact KUVO Radio DJsounds Ibiza Pioneer Pro Audio Instagram Twitter Facebook YouTube © AlphaTheta Privacy policy terms of use trademarks Clear entry Close Top results See all results Didn’t find what you’re looking for? Maybe use fewer words or a more general search term. If you still have no luck you can contact our customer service . DJ controllers - Pioneer DJ - Global Home Products 1 fundament/icons/product/players DJ players 1 fundament/icons/product/mixers DJ mixers 1 fundament/icons/product/controller DJ controllers 1 fundament/icons/product/turntables Turntables 1 fundament/icons/product/all in one All-in-one DJ systems 1 fundament/icons/product/remix station Remix stations DJ samplers Music production 1 fundament/icons/product/headphones Headphones 1 fundament/icons/product/monitor speakers Monitor speakers PA speakers 1 fundament/icons/product/software DJ software & interfaces 1 fundament/icons/product/accessories Accessories TORAIZ POWER TO CREATE All products News Blog Support Software & firmware updates Tutorials, manuals & documentation Extra software information FAQ Service centers Technical Riders My Pioneer DJ Account All support Find a store Close Top results See all results Didn’t find what you’re looking for? Maybe use fewer words or a more general search term. If you still have no luck you can contact our customer service . Register Log in All products Decks and Players DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories DJ Controller DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories All products Decks and Players DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories DJ Controller DJ Player DJ Mixer DJ Sampler DJ Controller Turntable All-in-one DJ System Monitor speakers Remix station Headphones PA Speakers Music production DJ software & Interfaces Accessories Compare DJ Controllers New DDJ-FLX6 4-channel DJ controller for rekordbox and Serato DJ Pro Flex Your Boundaries Captivate your audience with the DDJ-FLX6. Packing a host of brand-new features, this 4-channel unit makes it easy to hype up the audience, ... More Black Gold DDJ-1000SRT 4-channel performance DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro The Wait is Over The Serato-compatible version of our popular DDJ-1000 is here – meet the DDJ-1000SRT. This 4-channel DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro i... More DDJ-1000 4-channel performance DJ controller for rekordbox dj The new rekordbox experience Make the most of rekordbox’s enhanced new features with our dedicated 4-channel DJ controller. Featuring the professional layout inherited f... More DDJ-800 2-channel performance DJ controller for rekordbox dj Take your performance anywhere The DDJ-800 2-channel DJ controller is a pro DJ setup that’s made to go wherever you do. This portable unit inherits the club-style la... More black gold silver DDJ-400 2-channel DJ controller for rekordbox dj Master the basics Learning to DJ has never been easier than with the DDJ-400 2-channel DJ controller for rekordbox. Packed with features to help you comfortab... More DDJ-200 2-channel Smart DJ controller Stream, Create, Experience Start DJing with our easy-to-use DDJ-200 smart DJ controller. Lightweight and compact with a pro-style layout, it’ll help you learn to... More DDJ-RZX 4-channel professional DJ controller for rekordbox dj & rekordbox video Visual control Visualise your sets with the DDJ-RZX controller for rekordbox. Designed for DJs on the road, it comes with three 7-inch touch screens that l... More DDJ-RZ 4-channel professional DJ controller for rekordbox dj Next generation control. The top-flight DDJ-RZ is the first professional, native controller for rekordbox, giving you the flexibility to prepare your tracks in rekor... More DDJ-XP2 Sub controller for rekordbox dj & rekordbox dvs Double Trouble Level up with the DDJ-XP2 add-on DJ controller for rekordbox and Serato DJ Pro. No matter which DJ application you’re used to, this DJ... More DDJ-XP1 Add-on controller for rekordbox rekordbox at your fingertips Whether you use turntables, multi-players or external devices, the DDJ-XP1 will bring a whole new sphere of creative possibilities to your D... More DDJ-SZ2 4-channel professional DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro New generation Serato mastery The DDJ-SZ2 builds on the strong foundations of its predecessor, our flagship DDJ-SZ controller. This upgrade to our flagship Serato DJ Pro ... More DDJ-1000-and-RB-DMX1-bundle More DDJ-SX3 4-channel performance DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro Smooth transition Boost your creativity with the DDJ-SX3 4-channel DJ controller for  Serato DJ Pro. Expanding on the features of our popular DDJ-SX2 controll... More DDJ-SR2 2-channel performance DJ controller for Serato DJ Pro Harmonic control The DDJ-SR2 has dedicated key controls for Serato DJ Pro, allowing you to control the software features with the push of a button. This 2-ch... More black gold silver DDJ-SB3 2-channel DJ controller for Serato DJ Lite Start from scratch We’ve combined the popular features of the DDJ-SB2 with our leading Serato DJ controllers to make learning to DJ more accessible than ever. ... More DDJ-SP1 Sub controller for Serato DJ Pro Set Serato DJ Pro free. Add the DDJ-SP1 to a set-up that supports mixing and scratching with Serato DJ Pro – for example a laptop, or timecode CDJs/turntables with ... More black white DDJ-WeGO4 2-channel DJ controller for WeDJ Join the world of mixing Take your first steps in the world of DJ-ing with the compact DDJ-WeGO4. Learn to mix seamlessly with tactile controls and jog wheels for sc... More Looking for discontinued products? Visit the product archive . Product DJ Controller Products DJ players DJ mixers DJ controllers Turntables All-in-one DJ systems Remix stations DJ samplers Music production Headphones Monitor speakers PA speakers DJ software & Interfaces Accessories Support Contact Manuals Software & firmware Software information FAQ Forum Certification program About your account Important product notices News About us Company info Corporate contact KUVO Radio DJsounds Ibiza Pioneer Pro Audio Instagram Twitter Facebook YouTube © AlphaTheta Privacy policy terms of use trademarks Clear entry Close Top results See all results Didn’t find what you’re looking for? Maybe use fewer words or a more general search term. If you still have no luck you can contact our customer service . 